{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl480 \slmult1 \sa0 {\i{}Assay Development: An Overview}. (n.d.-a). Drug Discovery from Technology Networks. Retrieved June 26, 2023, from http://www.technologynetworks.com/drug-discovery/articles/assay-development-329953\
{\i{}Assay Development: An Overview}. (n.d.-b). Drug Discovery from Technology Networks. Retrieved June 26, 2023, from http://www.technologynetworks.com/drug-discovery/articles/assay-development-329953\
Berg, E. L. (2021). The future of phenotypic drug discovery. {\i{}Cell Chemical Biology}, {\i{}28}(3), 424\uc0\u8211{}430. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2021.01.010\
Bonner, S., Barrett, I. P., Ye, C., Swiers, R., Engkvist, O., Bender, A., Hoyt, C. T., & Hamilton, W. L. (2022). A Review of Biomedical Datasets Relating to Drug Discovery: A Knowledge Graph Perspective. {\i{}Briefings in Bioinformatics}, {\i{}23}(6), bbac404. https://doi.org/10.1093/bib/bbac404\
Cachay, E. R., Wyles, D. L., Goicoechea, M., Torriani, F. J., Ballard, C., Colwell, B., Gish, R. G., & Mathews, W. C. (2011a). Reliability and predictive validity of a hepatitis-related symptom inventory in HIV-infected individuals referred for Hepatitis C treatment. {\i{}AIDS Research and Therapy}, {\i{}8}(1), 29. https://doi.org/10.1186/1742-6405-8-29\
Cachay, E. R., Wyles, D. L., Goicoechea, M., Torriani, F. J., Ballard, C., Colwell, B., Gish, R. G., & Mathews, W. C. (2011b). Reliability and predictive validity of a hepatitis-related symptom inventory in HIV-infected individuals referred for Hepatitis C treatment. {\i{}AIDS Research and Therapy}, {\i{}8}(1), 29. https://doi.org/10.1186/1742-6405-8-29\
Cantini, L., Medico, E., Fortunato, S., & Caselle, M. (2015a). Detection of gene communities in multi-networks reveals cancer drivers. {\i{}Scientific Reports}, {\i{}5}(1), 17386. https://doi.org/10.1038/srep17386\
Cantini, L., Medico, E., Fortunato, S., & Caselle, M. (2015b). Detection of gene communities in multi-networks reveals cancer drivers. {\i{}Scientific Reports}, {\i{}5}, 17386. https://doi.org/10.1038/srep17386\
{\i{}Cell Viability Assays | Thermo Fisher Scientific\uc0\u8212{}DE}. (n.d.). Retrieved June 23, 2023, from https://www.thermofisher.com/de/de/home/life-science/cell-analysis/cell-viability-and-regulation/cell-viability.html\
{\i{}Chemical Library Enumeration}. (n.d.). KNIME. Retrieved June 30, 2023, from https://www.knime.com/knime-applications/chemical-library-enumeration\
Childers, W. E., Elokely, K. M., & Abou-Gharbia, M. (2020). The Resurrection of Phenotypic Drug Discovery. {\i{}ACS Medicinal Chemistry Letters}, {\i{}11}(10), 1820\uc0\u8211{}1828. https://doi.org/10.1021/acsmedchemlett.0c00006\
Chun, M. (2023, March 20). {\i{}How Artificial Intelligence is Revolutionizing Drug Discovery}. Bill of Health. https://blog.petrieflom.law.harvard.edu/2023/03/20/how-artificial-intelligence-is-revolutionizing-drug-discovery/\
{\i{}Clinical Trial Randomization\uc0\u8212{}NCI} (nciglobal,ncienterprise). (n.d.). [CgvInfographic]. Retrieved June 27, 2023, from https://www.cancer.gov/about-cancer/treatment/clinical-trials/what-are-trials/randomization/clinical-trial-randomization-infographic\
{\i{}Clinical trials}. (n.d.). Retrieved June 26, 2023, from https://www.who.int/health-topics/clinical-trials\
Collares, T. (2017). The Oncopig Cancer Model as a Complementary Tool for Phenotypic Drug Discovery. {\i{}Frontiers in Pharmacology}, {\i{}8}.\
{\i{}Compound Management}. (2015, March 16). National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences. https://ncats.nih.gov/preclinical/core/compound\
Conde, J., Pumroy, R. A., Baker, C., Rodrigues, T., Guerreiro, A., Sousa, B. B., Marques, M. C., De Almeida, B. P., Lee, S., Leites, E. P., Picard, D., Samanta, A., Vaz, S. H., Sieglitz, F., Langini, M., Remke, M., Roque, R., Weiss, T., Weller, M., \uc0\u8230{} Bernardes, G. J. L. (2021). Allosteric Antagonist Modulation of TRPV2 by Piperlongumine Impairs Glioblastoma Progression. {\i{}ACS Central Science}, {\i{}7}(5), 868\uc0\u8211{}881. https://doi.org/10.1021/acscentsci.1c00070\
Cook, A., Johnson, A. P., Law, J., Mirzazadeh, M., Ravitz, O., & Simon, A. (2012). Computer-aided synthesis design: 40 years on. {\i{}WIREs Computational Molecular Science}, {\i{}2}(1), 79\uc0\u8211{}107. https://doi.org/10.1002/wcms.61\
{\i{}COVID Vaccine Testing and Approval _ University of Maryland Medical System.pdf}. (n.d.).\
{\i{}COVID-19 Vaccines are Safe and Effective | Kaiser Permanente}. (n.d.-a). Retrieved June 26, 2023, from https://healthy.kaiserpermanente.org/health-wellness/coronavirus-information/vaccine-learn/safe-and-effective\
{\i{}COVID-19 Vaccines are Safe and Effective | Kaiser Permanente}. (n.d.-b). Retrieved June 23, 2023, from https://healthy.kaiserpermanente.org/health-wellness/coronavirus-information/vaccine-learn/safe-and-effective\
Dara, S., Dhamercherla, S., Jadav, S. S., Babu, C. M., & Ahsan, M. J. (2022). Machine Learning in Drug Discovery: A Review. {\i{}Artificial Intelligence Review}, {\i{}55}(3), 1947\uc0\u8211{}1999. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10462-021-10058-4\
{\i{}DataWarrior}. (n.d.). Retrieved June 30, 2023, from https://openmolecules.org/datawarrior\
{\i{}Definition of double-blind study\uc0\u8212{}NCI Dictionary of Cancer Terms\uc0\u8212{}NCI} (nciglobal,ncienterprise). (2011, February 2). [NciAppModulePage]. https://www.cancer.gov/publications/dictionaries/cancer-terms/def/double-blind-study\
Del \uc0\u193{}lamo, J. C., Lemons, D., Serrano, R., Savchenko, A., Cerignoli, F., Bodmer, R., & Mercola, M. (2016). High throughput physiological screening of iPSC-derived cardiomyocytes for drug development. {\i{}Biochimica et Biophysica Acta (BBA) - Molecular Cell Research}, {\i{}1863}(7), 1717\uc0\u8211{}1727. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.bbamcr.2016.03.003\
D\uc0\u237{}az-Eufracio, B. I., Palomino-Hern\uc0\u225{}ndez, O., Arredondo-S\uc0\u225{}nchez, A., & Medina-Franco, J. L. (2020). D-Peptide Builder: A Web Service to Enumerate, Analyze, and Visualize the Chemical Space of Combinatorial Peptide Libraries. {\i{}Molecular Informatics}, {\i{}39}(11), 2000035. https://doi.org/10.1002/minf.202000035\
Edfeldt, F. N. B., Folmer, R. H. A., & Breeze, A. L. (2011). Fragment screening to predict druggability (ligandability) and lead discovery success. {\i{}Drug Discovery Today}, {\i{}16}(7\uc0\u8211{}8), 284\uc0\u8211{}287. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.drudis.2011.02.002\
Fox, S., Farr-Jones, S., Sopchak, L., Boggs, A., Nicely, H. W., Khoury, R., & Biros, M. (2006). High-Throughput Screening: Update on Practices and Success. {\i{}SLAS Discovery}, {\i{}11}(7), 864\uc0\u8211{}869. https://doi.org/10.1177/1087057106292473\
Gashaw, I., Ellinghaus, P., Sommer, A., & Asadullah, K. (2011). What makes a good drug target? {\i{}Drug Discovery Today}, {\i{}16}(23\uc0\u8211{}24), 1037\uc0\u8211{}1043. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.drudis.2011.09.007\
Ghose, A. K., Herbertz, T., Hudkins, R. L., Dorsey, B. D., & Mallamo, J. P. (2012). Knowledge-Based, Central Nervous System (CNS) Lead Selection and Lead Optimization for CNS Drug Discovery. {\i{}ACS Chemical Neuroscience}, {\i{}3}(1), 50\uc0\u8211{}68. https://doi.org/10.1021/cn200100h\
{\i{}GLARE for combinatorial library design}. (n.d.). Retrieved June 29, 2023, from https://glare.sourceforge.net/\
Gogleva, A., Polychronopoulos, D., Pfeifer, M., Poroshin, V., Ughetto, M., Martin, M. J., Thorpe, H., Bornot, A., Smith, P. D., Sidders, B., Dry, J. R., Ahdesm\uc0\u228{}ki, M., McDermott, U., Papa, E., & Bulusu, K. C. (2022). Knowledge graph-based recommendation framework identifies drivers of resistance in EGFR mutant non-small cell lung cancer. {\i{}Nature Communications}, {\i{}13}(1), 1667. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-022-29292-7\
Groenen, M. A. M., Archibald, A. L., Uenishi, H., Tuggle, C. K., Takeuchi, Y., Rothschild, M. F., Rogel-Gaillard, C., Park, C., Milan, D., Megens, H.-J., Li, S., Larkin, D. M., Kim, H., Frantz, L. A. F., Caccamo, M., Ahn, H., Aken, B. L., Anselmo, A., Anthon, C., \uc0\u8230{} Schook, L. B. (2012). Analyses of pig genomes provide insight into porcine demography and evolution. {\i{}Nature}, {\i{}491}(7424), Article 7424. https://doi.org/10.1038/nature11622\
Guti\uc0\u233{}rrez-Casares, J. R., Quintero, J., Jorba, G., Junet, V., Mart\uc0\u237{}nez, V., Pozo-Rubio, T., Oliva, B., Daura, X., Mas, J. M., & Montoto, C. (2021). Methods to Develop an in silico Clinical Trial: Computational Head-to-Head Comparison of Lisdexamfetamine and Methylphenidate. {\i{}Frontiers in Psychiatry}, {\i{}12}. https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fpsyt.2021.741170\
Hartenfeller, M., Zettl, H., Walter, M., Rupp, M., Reisen, F., Proschak, E., Weggen, S., Stark, H., & Schneider, G. (2012). DOGS: Reaction-Driven de novo Design of Bioactive Compounds. {\i{}PLoS Computational Biology}, {\i{}8}(2), e1002380. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1002380\
Hoffman, S. C., Chenthamarakshan, V., Wadhawan, K., Chen, P.-Y., & Das, P. (2021). Optimizing molecules using efficient queries from property evaluations. {\i{}Nature Machine Intelligence}, {\i{}4}(1), 21\uc0\u8211{}31. https://doi.org/10.1038/s42256-021-00422-y\
Homans, S. W. (2004). NMR Spectroscopy Tools for Structure-Aided Drug Design. {\i{}Angewandte Chemie International Edition}, {\i{}43}(3), 290\uc0\u8211{}300. https://doi.org/10.1002/anie.200300581\
Hughes, J., Rees, S., Kalindjian, S., & Philpott, K. (2011). Principles of early drug discovery: Principles of early drug discovery. {\i{}British Journal of Pharmacology}, {\i{}162}(6), 1239\uc0\u8211{}1249. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1476-5381.2010.01127.x\
Hussain, S., Barretto, N., & Uprichard, S. L. (2012). New Hepatitis C Virus Drug Discovery Strategies and Model Systems. {\i{}Expert Opinion on Drug Discovery}, {\i{}7}(9), 849\uc0\u8211{}859. https://doi.org/10.1517/17460441.2012.711312\
Hutchinson, L., & Kirk, R. (2011). High drug attrition rates\uc0\u8212{}Where are we going wrong? {\i{}Nature Reviews Clinical Oncology}, {\i{}8}(4), 189\uc0\u8211{}190. https://doi.org/10.1038/nrclinonc.2011.34\
{\i{}Identifying the macromolecular targets of de novo-designed chemical entities through self-organizing map consensus}. (n.d.). https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1320001111\
Issa, S. S., Sokornova, S. V., Zhidkin, R. R., & Matveeva, T. V. (2022). The Main Protease of SARS-CoV-2 as a Target for Phytochemicals against Coronavirus. {\i{}Plants}, {\i{}11}(14), Article 14. https://doi.org/10.3390/plants11141862\
Jourdan, J.-P., Bureau, R., Rochais, C., & Dallemagne, P. (2020a). Drug repositioning: A brief overview. {\i{}Journal of Pharmacy and Pharmacology}, {\i{}72}(9), 1145\uc0\u8211{}1151. https://doi.org/10.1111/jphp.13273\
Jourdan, J.-P., Bureau, R., Rochais, C., & Dallemagne, P. (2020b). Drug repositioning: A brief overview. {\i{}Journal of Pharmacy and Pharmacology}, {\i{}72}(9), 1145\uc0\u8211{}1151. https://doi.org/10.1111/jphp.13273\
Kang, L. (2008). Microfluidics for drug discovery and development: From target selection to product lifecycle management. {\i{}Drug Discovery Today}, {\i{}13}(1\uc0\u8211{}2), 1\uc0\u8211{}13. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.drudis.2007.10.003\
{\i{}Kinase Inhibitor Screening on a Plate Reader | BMG LABTECH}. (n.d.). Retrieved June 26, 2023, from https://www.bmglabtech.com/en/application-notes/adp-hunter-assay-for-hts-of-kinase-inhibitors-using-the-pherastar/\
Kori, M., & Yalcin Arga, K. (2018). Potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets in cervical cancer: Insights from the meta-analysis of transcriptomics data within network biomedicine perspective. {\i{}PLOS ONE}, {\i{}13}(7), e0200717. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0200717\
Kwong, A. D., Najera, I., Bechtel, J., Bowden, S., Fitzgibbon, J., Harrington, P., Kempf, D., Kieffer, T. L., Koletzki, D., Kukolj, G., Lim, S., Pilot\uc0\u8211{}Matias, T., Lin, K., Mani, N., Mo, H., O\uc0\u8217{}Rear, J., Otto, M., Parkin, N., Pawlotsky, J., \uc0\u8230{} Miller, V. (2011). Sequence and Phenotypic Analysis for Resistance Monitoring in Hepatitis C Virus Drug Development: Recommendations From the HCV DRAG. {\i{}Gastroenterology}, {\i{}140}(3), 755-760.e12. https://doi.org/10.1053/j.gastro.2011.01.029\
Lau, M.-T., Ghazanfar, S., Parkin, A., Chou, A., Rouaen, J. R., Littleboy, J. B., Nessem, D., Khuong, T. M., Nevoltris, D., Schofield, P., Langley, D., Christ, D., Yang, J., Pajic, M., & Neely, G. G. (2020). Systematic functional identification of cancer multi-drug resistance genes. {\i{}Genome Biology}, {\i{}21}(1), 27. https://doi.org/10.1186/s13059-020-1940-8\
Lim, C.-Y., & In, J. (2021). Considerations for crossover design in clinical study. {\i{}Korean Journal of Anesthesiology}, {\i{}74}(4), 293\uc0\u8211{}299. https://doi.org/10.4097/kja.21165\
Liszewski, K. (2006, August 1). {\i{}Drug Discovery: Successful Lead Optimization Strategies}. GEN - Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology News. https://www.genengnews.com/insights/drug-discovery-successful-lead-optimization-strategies/\
Matthews, H., Hanison, J., & Nirmalan, N. (2016). \uc0\u8220{}Omics\uc0\u8221{}-Informed Drug and Biomarker Discovery: Opportunities, Challenges and Future Perspectives. {\i{}Proteomes}, {\i{}4}, 28. https://doi.org/10.3390/proteomes4030028\
Michelini, E., Cevenini, L., Mezzanotte, L., Coppa, A., & Roda, A. (2010). Cell-based assays: Fuelling drug discovery. {\i{}Analytical and Bioanalytical Chemistry}, {\i{}398}(1), 227\uc0\u8211{}238. https://doi.org/10.1007/s00216-010-3933-z\
Moffat, J. G., Vincent, F., Lee, J. A., Eder, J., & Prunotto, M. (2017). Opportunities and challenges in phenotypic drug discovery: An industry perspective. {\i{}Nature Reviews Drug Discovery}, {\i{}16}(8), 531\uc0\u8211{}543. https://doi.org/10.1038/nrd.2017.111\
{\i{}Molecular Operating Environment (MOE) Software Applications\uc0\u8212{}CD ComputaBio}. (n.d.). Retrieved June 30, 2023, from https://www.computabio.com/applications-of-molecular-operating-environment-moe-software.html\
Najm, M., Azencott, C.-A., Playe, B., & Stoven, V. (2021). Drug Target Identification with Machine Learning: How to Choose Negative Examples. {\i{}International Journal of Molecular Sciences}, {\i{}22}(10), 5118. https://doi.org/10.3390/ijms22105118\
{\i{}Promises and Challenges of Target-Based Drug Discovery}. (n.d.). Drug Discovery from Technology Networks. Retrieved June 26, 2023, from http://www.technologynetworks.com/drug-discovery/articles/promises-and-challenges-of-target-based-drug-discovery-355809\
{\i{}RDKit}. (n.d.). Retrieved June 30, 2023, from https://www.rdkit.org/\
{\i{}Reactor}. (n.d.). Retrieved June 30, 2023, from https://chemaxon.com/reactor\
Reker, D., Rodrigues, T., Schneider, P., & Schneider, G. (2014). Identifying the macromolecular targets of de novo-designed chemical entities through self-organizing map consensus. {\i{}Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences}, {\i{}111}(11), 4067\uc0\u8211{}4072. https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1320001111\
Reutlinger, M., Koch, C. P., Reker, D., Todoroff, N., Schneider, P., Rodrigues, T., & Schneider, G. (2013). Chemically Advanced Template Search (CATS) for Scaffold-Hopping and Prospective Target Prediction for \uc0\u8216{}Orphan\uc0\u8217{} Molecules. {\i{}Molecular Informatics}, {\i{}32}(2), 133\uc0\u8211{}138. https://doi.org/10.1002/minf.201200141\
Richard. (2020, October 3). The US Process for Federal Drug Approval. {\i{}News about Energy Storage, Batteries, Climate Change and the Environment}. https://www.upsbatterycenter.com/blog/the-us-process-for-federal-drug-approval/\
Ridges, S., Heaton, W. L., Joshi, D., Choi, H., Eiring, A., Batchelor, L., Choudhry, P., Manos, E. J., Sofla, H., Sanati, A., Welborn, S., Agarwal, A., Spangrude, G. J., Miles, R. R., Cox, J. E., Frazer, J. K., Deininger, M., Balan, K., Sigman, M., \uc0\u8230{} Trede, N. S. (2012). Zebrafish screen identifies novel compound with selective toxicity against leukemia. {\i{}Blood}, {\i{}119}(24), 5621\uc0\u8211{}5631. https://doi.org/10.1182/blood-2011-12-398818\
Rodrigues, T., & Bernardes, G. J. L. (2020). Machine learning for target discovery in drug development. {\i{}Current Opinion in Chemical Biology}, {\i{}56}, 16\uc0\u8211{}22. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cbpa.2019.10.003\
Sald\uc0\u237{}var-Gonz\uc0\u225{}lez, F. I., Huerta-Garc\uc0\u237{}a, C. S., & Medina-Franco, J. L. (2020). Chemoinformatics-based enumeration of chemical libraries: A tutorial. {\i{}Journal of Cheminformatics}, {\i{}12}(1), 64. https://doi.org/10.1186/s13321-020-00466-z\
Sander, T., Freyss, J., Von Korff, M., & Rufener, C. (2015). DataWarrior: An Open-Source Program For Chemistry Aware Data Visualization And Analysis. {\i{}Journal of Chemical Information and Modeling}, {\i{}55}(2), 460\uc0\u8211{}473. https://doi.org/10.1021/ci500588j\
Schenone, M., Dan\uc0\u269{}\uc0\u237{}k, V., Wagner, B. K., & Clemons, P. A. (2013). Target identification and mechanism of action in chemical biology and drug discovery. {\i{}Nature Chemical Biology}, {\i{}9}(4), 232\uc0\u8211{}240. https://doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.1199\
Schneider, G., Neidhart, W., Giller, T., & Schmid, G. (1999). \uc0\u8220{}Scaffold-Hopping\uc0\u8221{} by Topological Pharmacophore Search: A Contribution to Virtual Screening. {\i{}Angewandte Chemie International Edition}, {\i{}38}(19), 2894\uc0\u8211{}2896. https://doi.org/10.1002/(SICI)1521-3773(19991004)38:19<2894::AID-ANIE2894>3.0.CO;2-F\
Schneider, P., & Schneider, G. (2003). Collection of Bioactive Reference Compounds for Focused Library Design. {\i{}QSAR & Combinatorial Science}, {\i{}22}(7), 713\uc0\u8211{}718. https://doi.org/10.1002/qsar.200330825\
Sch\uc0\u252{}ller, A., H\uc0\u228{}hnke, V., & Schneider, G. (2007). SmiLib v2.0: A Java-Based Tool for Rapid Combinatorial Library Enumeration. {\i{}QSAR & Combinatorial Science}, {\i{}26}(3), 407\uc0\u8211{}410. https://doi.org/10.1002/qsar.200630101\
Segler, M. H. S., Preuss, M., & Waller, M. P. (2018). Learning to Plan Chemical Syntheses. {\i{}Nature}, {\i{}555}(7698), 604\uc0\u8211{}610. https://doi.org/10.1038/nature25978\
Selvaraj, C., Chandra, I., & Singh, S. K. (2022). Artificial intelligence and machine learning approaches for drug design: Challenges and opportunities for the pharmaceutical industries. {\i{}Molecular Diversity}, {\i{}26}(3), 1893\uc0\u8211{}1913. https://doi.org/10.1007/s11030-021-10326-z\
\uc0\u352{}\uc0\u237{}cho, M., Luukkonen, S., Van Den Maagdenberg, H. W., Schoenmaker, L., B\uc0\u233{}quignon, O. J. M., & Van Westen, G. J. P. (2023). DrugEx: Deep Learning Models and Tools for Exploration of Drug-Like Chemical Space. {\i{}Journal of Chemical Information and Modeling}, {\i{}63}(12), 3629\uc0\u8211{}3636. https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jcim.3c00434\
Silver, D., Huang, A., Maddison, C. J., Guez, A., Sifre, L., Van Den Driessche, G., Schrittwieser, J., Antonoglou, I., Panneershelvam, V., Lanctot, M., Dieleman, S., Grewe, D., Nham, J., Kalchbrenner, N., Sutskever, I., Lillicrap, T., Leach, M., Kavukcuoglu, K., Graepel, T., & Hassabis, D. (2016). Mastering the game of Go with deep neural networks and tree search. {\i{}Nature}, {\i{}529}(7587), 484\uc0\u8211{}489. https://doi.org/10.1038/nature16961\
Staszak, M., Staszak, K., Wieszczycka, K., Bajek, A., Roszkowski, K., & Tylkowski, B. (2022). Machine learning in drug design: Use of artificial intelligence to explore the chemical structure\uc0\u8211{}biological activity relationship. {\i{}WIREs Computational Molecular Science}, {\i{}12}(2), e1568. https://doi.org/10.1002/wcms.1568\
Stockman, B. J., & Dalvit, C. (2002). NMR screening techniques in drug discovery and drug design. {\i{}Progress in Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy}, {\i{}41}(3\uc0\u8211{}4), 187\uc0\u8211{}231. https://doi.org/10.1016/S0079-6565(02)00049-3\
Sun, W., Zheng, W., & Simeonov, A. (2017). Drug discovery and development for rare genetic disorders. {\i{}American Journal of Medical Genetics Part A}, {\i{}173}(9), 2307\uc0\u8211{}2322. https://doi.org/10.1002/ajmg.a.38326\
Sutton, D., Nasongkla, N., Blanco, E., & Gao, J. (2007). Functionalized Micellar Systems for Cancer Targeted Drug Delivery. {\i{}Pharmaceutical Research}, {\i{}24}(6), 1029\uc0\u8211{}1046. https://doi.org/10.1007/s11095-006-9223-y\
Swinney, D. C., & Anthony, J. (2011). How were new medicines discovered? {\i{}Nature Reviews Drug Discovery}, {\i{}10}(7), 507\uc0\u8211{}519. https://doi.org/10.1038/nrd3480\
Swinney, D. C., & Lee, J. A. (2020). Recent advances in phenotypic drug discovery. {\i{}F1000Research}, {\i{}9}, F1000 Faculty Rev-944. https://doi.org/10.12688/f1000research.25813.1\
Szyma\uc0\u324{}ski, P., Markowicz, M., & Mikiciuk-Olasik, E. (2011). Adaptation of High-Throughput Screening in Drug Discovery\uc0\u8212{}Toxicological Screening Tests. {\i{}International Journal of Molecular Sciences}, {\i{}13}(1), 427\uc0\u8211{}452. https://doi.org/10.3390/ijms13010427\
{\i{}Target Validation}. (n.d.). Sygnature Discovery. Retrieved June 22, 2023, from https://www.sygnaturediscovery.com/drug-discovery/integrated-drug-discovery/target-validation/\
{\i{}That Which is Old is New Again: Phenotypic Drug Discovery Makes a Comeback | Pfizer}. (n.d.). Retrieved June 26, 2023, from https://www.pfizer.com/news/articles/that_which_is_old_is_new_again_phenotypic_drug_discovery_makes_a_comeback\
Todeschini, R., & Consonni, V. (2000). {\i{}Handbook of Molecular Descriptors} (1st ed.). Wiley. https://doi.org/10.1002/9783527613106\
UEDAf\uc0\u8217{}, H., MANDAn, T., MATSUMOTOn, S., MUKUMOTOn, S., NlSHIGAKIll, F., & KAWAMURAtf, I. (1994). III. ANTITUMORACTIVITIES ON EXPERIMENTAL TUMORSIN MICE. {\i{}THE JOURNAL OF ANTIBIOTICS}.\
Verbist, B., Klambauer, G., Vervoort, L., Talloen, W., Shkedy, Z., Thas, O., Bender, A., G\uc0\u246{}hlmann, H. W. H., & Hochreiter, S. (2015). Using transcriptomics to guide lead optimization in drug discovery projects: Lessons learned from the QSTAR project. {\i{}Drug Discovery Today}, {\i{}20}(5), 505\uc0\u8211{}513. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.drudis.2014.12.014\
Vijayan, R. S. K., Kihlberg, J., Cross, J. B., & Poongavanam, V. (2022). Enhancing preclinical drug discovery with artificial intelligence. {\i{}Drug Discovery Today}, {\i{}27}(4), 967\uc0\u8211{}984. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.drudis.2021.11.023\
Walker, F. R. (2013). A critical review of the mechanism of action for the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors: Do these drugs possess anti-inflammatory properties and how relevant is this in the treatment of depression? {\i{}Neuropharmacology}, {\i{}67}, 304\uc0\u8211{}317. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuropharm.2012.10.002\
Weichert, H., Blechschmidt, I., Schr\uc0\u246{}der, S., & Ambrosius, H. (1991). The MTT-assay as a rapid test for cell proliferation and cell killing: Application to human peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBL). {\i{}Allergie Und Immunologie}, {\i{}37}(3\uc0\u8211{}4), 139\uc0\u8211{}144.\
}